[Doc] Add notification for pytest migration (#108)
facebookresearch/multimodal: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Unit Tests
Please add unit tests for adding a new feature or a bug-fix.

*Note: we are migrating from `unitest` to [`pytest`](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/).

> Please write your tests in the proper framework to help us with the transition.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please write your tests in pytest to help us with the transition.*
```
